Research

m6d boasts the most-decorated data scientists in the industry. The proof is in the pudding — or rather, in their published research papers.

    “Using Co-Visitation Networks For Classifying Non-Intentional Traffic”
    Ori Stitelman, Claudia Perlich, Brian Dalessandro, Rod Hook, Troy Raeder, Foster Provost.

    “Bid Optimizing and Inventory Scoring in Targeted Online Advertising”
    Claudia Perlich, Brian Dalessandro, Rod Hook, Ori Stitelman, Troy Raeder, Foster Provost.
    18th SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining 2012 (August 2012)
    “Causally Motivated Attribution for Online Advertising”
    Brian Dalessandro, Ori Stitelman, Claudia Perlich, Foster Provost.
    ADKDD workshop at the 18th SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining 2012. (August 2012)
    “Evaluating and Optimizing Online Advertising: Forget the click, but there are good proxies”
    Brian Dalessandro, Rod Hook, Claudia Perlich
    EMPGENS2 (May 2012)
    “Design Principles of Massive, Robust Prediction Systems”
    Troy Raeder, Ori Stitelman, Brian Dalessandro, Claudia Perlich, Foster Provost18th SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining 2012 (May 2012)
    “Estimating The Effect Of Online Display Advertising On Browser Conversion In Observational Data”
    Ori Stitelman, Claudia Perlich, Brian Dalessandro, Foster Provost.
    The Fifth International Workshop on Data Mining and Audience Intelligence for Online Advertising at SIGKDD 2011 (August 2011)
    “Leakage in Data Mining: Formulation, Detection, and Avoidance”
    Shachar Kaufman, Saharon Rosset, Claudia Perlich, Ori Stitelman.
    Forthcoming in Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data. (2010)
    Best paper award winner at KDD-2011.
    “Social Media Analytics: The Next Generation of Analytics-Based Marketing Seeks Insights from Blogs”
    Rick Lawrence, Prem Melville, Claudia Perlich, et al.
    ORMS Today (February 2010)

    “Audience Selection for Online Brand Advertising: Privacy-Friendly Social Network Targeting”
    F.Provost, B. Dalessandro, R. Hook, X. Zhang, A. Murray
    SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (May 2009)


